Version 1.1.0 to 1.1.1:

Added some Outlook options

Version 0.10 to 1.1.0:

Many smaller bugs have been fixed. M2Crypto was removed in favor of an
external call to OpenSSL.

Major changes are that this release is the first release that works for
Python 2.7 up to Python 3.5. Please see also the installation instructions.
For Python 3.x you should replace python-ldap with pyldap, which is a drop-in
replacement that is compatible with Python 2 and Python 3.

The master branch had a interim version of 0.10.3, which was primarily a bug
fix release. As automx itself was mostly feature complete, it would had
become the version 1.0.0. Because porting it to Py2/3, the version directly
jumps to 1.1.0

Version 0.9.x to 0.10:

Automx does support mobileconfig profiles for Apple iOS devices as well as
Mac OS X Mail. The profiles are optionally signed.

The backend "file" was expanded and does support the new option mobileconfig,
which may point to a mobileconfig file (it is the equivalent to the
autoconfig/autodiscover option of that specific backend).

Version 0.8 to 0.9:

Failure Counter (Denial-of-Service-Attack protection)
A failure counter tracks bad (email address) requests. The counter serves to
protect automx from Denial-of-Service-Attacks.

An attacker might try to iterate a list of email addresses against automx to
see, if the server returns valid results or 500 temp errors. This feature is
expected to be especially useful for automx setups using database driven
backends. automx will stop querying the database once the border limit
has been reached.

The protection is built using memcached, as it allows a central instance to
collect for multiple automx processes.

Multi Service Profiles
Multi service profile support allows to serve more than one setting for the
same service within a profile.

For this we added several new backends and a new option that allows automx to
follow any further backends. These backends may either substitute the former
settings or add new information.


Improved Logging
As we made some changes to the code, we realized that it important to change
logging behavior. So we now log all automx messages to an extra file and also
the debugging output does give us much more information as the version 0.8.


Code Cleanups
Many changes have been done inside the code itself. Code cleanups and a better
exception handling for situations, where no data could be retrieved from
databases. Also the main file now is much cleaner, as we introduced some
constant variables for error codes.

# vim: set tw=80:
